FAQ update (late 2024) (#464)
CleverCloud/documentation: content/doc/find-help/faq.md

## What is a Scaler?

A _scaler_ is an individual instance hosting your app. You can attribute one or more scalers to your apps. scalers come in many sizes based on each language requirements from pico to XL.

A fixed set of resources supports each scaler.

When enabling auto-scalability, you have to set a minimum and a maximum of active scalers in your apps settings. This way you can precisely control your monthly fee.

{{< callout type="warning" >}}
  Nano and pico instances operate with **reduced CPU priority** on the host system. As a result, during periods of high load on the hypervisor, these instances may experience performance degradation (since they yield processing power to higher-priority workloads).
{{< /callout >}}

> ## What languages and frameworks are supported by Clever Cloud?

Reviewer: Irrelevant, isn't describing any action.

Log in with your account to [console.clever-cloud.com](https://console.clever-cloud.com), and select the appropriate organization and app in the left column. Then click on the application name and select **Overview**. Click on the **Stop** button to stop your app.

## What type of content can I deploy?

> Please refer to the Acceptable Use Policy, article 2, _Reasonable use of the Platform_.

Author: ```suggestion
Please refer to the Acceptable Use Policy, article 2, [_Reasonable use of the Platform_](https://www.clever-cloud.com/acceptable-use-policy/).
```

> Please refer to the Acceptable Use Policy, article 2, _Reasonable use of the Platform_.

Author: Thanks. 
Feel free to add the suggestion next time while reviewing :]

> Please refer to the Acceptable Use Policy, article 2, _Reasonable use of the Platform_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please refer to the [Acceptable Use Policy, article 2](https://www.clever-cloud.com/acceptable-use-policy/, _Reasonable use of the Platform_.
```

> Please refer to the Acceptable Use Policy, article 2, _Reasonable use of the Platform_.

Reviewer: did it!

## How do I add or remove members in my organizations?

> Log in with your account to [console.clever-cloud.com](https://console.clever-cloud.com), and select the appropriate organization in the left panel. Then click on **Members** in the mid pane. You'll see a list of the organization's members. If your are an administrator, you can revoke or grant permissions.

Author: ```suggestion
Log in with your account to [console.clever-cloud.com](https://console.clever-cloud.com), and select the appropriate organization in the left panel. Then click on **Members** in the mid pane. You'll see a list of the organization's members. If your are an admin, you can revoke or grant permissions.
```

## How do I report an application that's in violation of your Terms and Conditions?

To report an application that's in violation of Clever Cloud's Terms and Conditions, please contact the legal team at <abuse@clever-cloud.com>.

We will investigate and contact the application's owner over the violation if needed.

## Does Clever Cloud support TLS/SSL (HTTPS)?

> Yes. For testing purposes, `cleverapps.io` domains support TLS out of the box. For custom SSL certificates, you can either generate one automatically with Let's Encrypt while adding a domain, or use an existing one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Yes. For testing purposes, `cleverapps.io` domains support TLS out of the box. For custom SSL certificates, you can either generate one automatically with Let's Encrypt while adding a domain, or [use an existing one]{{< ref "doc/administrate/ssl/#uploading-my-own-certificates" >}} ).
```

> Yes. For testing purposes, `cleverapps.io` domains support TLS out of the box. For custom SSL certificates, you can either generate one automatically with Let's Encrypt while adding a domain, or use an existing one.

Author: I don't quite get it. Can you suggest the simplification ? Thanks !

Have a look at [installing TLS certificates](/doc/administrate/ssl), and feel free to contact the support team in the [Ticket Center](https://console.clever-cloud.com/ticket-center-choice) if you have questions.

## What are the supported ciphers ?

As this information can change over time with security updates, here's the nmap command to look up SSL/TLS ciphers on a Clever Cloud configured domain:

```shell 
nmap --script ssl-enum-ciphers -p 443 example.com
```

## I'd like to have two applications available on the same domain name

> Refer to [prefix routing]({{< ref "doc/administrate/domain-names/#prefix-routing >}}) to learn how to have two applications share a domain name.

Reviewer: oupsssss

```suggestion
Refer to [prefix routing]({{< ref "doc/administrate/domain-names/#prefix-routing" >}}) to learn how to have two applications share a domain name.
```

> Refer to [prefix routing](/doc/administrate/domain-names/#prefix-routing) to learn how to have two applications share a domain name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to [prefix routing]({{< ref "doc/administrate/domain-names/#prefix-routing >}}) to learn how to have two applications share a domain name.
```

## How do I define cron jobs for my application?

See [Cron Configuration File](/doc/administrate/cron) for more information.

## How to know if a user comes from a secure connection?

> All connections are handled by load-balancers ahead of your applications and forwarded in plain HTTP, you can't rely on the server port to know the scheme used by the user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Load-balancers handles all connections ahead of your applications and forward them in plain HTTP, you can't rely on the server port to know the scheme used by the user.
```

> Instead, you can use the `X-Forwarded-Proto` HTTP header to get the information, it is set to either '_http_' or '_https_'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instead, you can use the `X-Forwarded-Proto` HTTP header to get the information, it's set to either '_http_' or '_https_'.
```

## I want to user Clever Cloud on my own premises, is that possible?

> Yes, since 2016 Clever Cloud is packaged for private data-center. This offer called "Clever Cloud On Premises" is available upon request: you can send a mail to [sales@clever-cloud.com](mailto:sales@clever-cloud.com) or visit [https://www.clever-cloud.com/on-premises](https://www.clever-cloud.com/on-premises) for more info.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Yes, since 2016 Clever Cloud is packaged for private data center. This offer called "Clever Cloud On Premises" is available upon request: you can send a mail to [sales@clever-cloud.com](mailto:sales@clever-cloud.com) or visit [https://www.clever-cloud.com/on-premises](https://www.clever-cloud.com/on-premises) for more info.
```

## I received an email saying "Add-on [my add-on] disk is nearly full". What do I do?

A full disk can cause your database to crash or become unresponsive.

> We advise you to select how many free space there is.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Consider upgrading your add-on plan.
```

You might want to do one of the following:

### Remove data from your database

You can take a snapshot of your database and export the obsolete data to a cold storage.
Then you can remove records from your database, re-index your tables and try to perform a VACUUM operation if the database software allows it.

### Migrate your add-on to a bigger plan

> …Or to the same plan.

Reviewer 2: as it follows the previous sentence: 
```suggestion
… or to the same plan.
```

You can buy more disk space by migrating your add-on to a higher plan.

> If a VACUUM operation needs more disk that there is remaining, migrating to the same plan cleans up the file on disk and regain space.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If a VACUUM operation needs more storage space than is left, migrating to the same plan cleans up files and regain space.
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a VACUUM operation needs more disk that there is remaining, migrating to the same plan cleans up the file on disk and regains space.
```

## Where are the backups stored?

Clever Cloud store all your backups on [Cellar](https://www.clever-cloud.com/product/cellar-object-storage/). 

> Cellar has a replication system to protect the data stored inside. It creates three copies of your backups, each stored in a different data-centers in the PAR region.  
> This way, even if one data-center has an accident, your backup are still safe in two different data-centers.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Cellar has a replication system to protect the data stored inside. It creates three copies of your backups, each stored in a different datacenters in the PAR region.  
This way, even if one datacenter has an accident, your backup are still safe in two different datacenters.
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cellar has a replication system to protect the data stored inside. It creates three copies of your backups, each stored in a different data centers in the PAR region.  
This way, even if one data center has an accident, your backup are still safe in two different data centers.
```
